[Music]
always remember the universe has a way
of leading you to where you're supposed
to be at the moment you're supposed to
be there let's do this
it took me 20 years to find you how many
people can say that
you are the best-kept secret in the
universe and I found you
which makes me perfect for this job you
really think a black suit it's going to
solve all your problems
no but looks damn good on you we
[Music]
recognizable only as DejaVu and
dismissed just as quick a time to prove
yourself agent M we may have a problem
in London welcome to MIB you will be
with Asian Paints I'm not the best ever
to wear this suit catching up on my
daily meditation time for lunch oh thank
you hungry it's 9:30 it's Tuesday's taco
day
[Music]
we've been compromised with every
citizen of this planet at risk
[Applause]
if you could all just look right here
just try
gonna be fun
left fun with it
there should be a big red button around
here somewhere found it we are the men
in black
looks like a tables of 10 I was
incredible catch they warned us that
something was coming
if there is ever an end in this forever
war it will be because of you and your
strong right hand where the line in the
sand we fight against the forces of
darkness this is the earth we're
expecting a sign that says secret
headquarters oh I need some ID love oh
are you serious
[Music]
made me a damn weapon I just wanted to
help you become the best you
[Applause]
some dads get their kids Legos saved in
the world of silence
does it do anything special yeah
it smashes things real good
[Music]
you are mankind's best and only hope I
thought we were supposed to be fighting
monsters not working with
are you calling monster paolilla Clemmy
recently
Oh God we've arrived just in time
[Music]
photo sock shoulders in use the light
posture my right side that's my good
side smile Oh smile smile smile are we
smiling am I the only one who always
ends up with red eye
[Music]
okay
here's that good morning New York City
[Music]
what are you doing what's it look like
I'm doing I'm doing superhero stuff I'm
calling this meeting of the superhero
animal friends to order come on Molly
time to go oh I'm gonna be late for
school captain snowball you're in charge
while I'm gone
what first of all I want to welcome
white thunder back from the washing
machine who was put in there with a red
blanket and hates fourth will be known
as pink thunder personally I like the
new look
[Music]
hello from another planet there's no
need to fight anymore see friends
[Applause]
they took Lucy and the others hang on
you frogs planet
you mind if I save your life not at all
Rex danger vest this is my [ __ ]
dinosaurs doing space aliens kidnapped
my friends I'm going to get them back by
an alien queen I'm a queen whatever
would not be the talking horse I could
change my for but this makes you
uncomfortable hey guys he'll go back the
horse was much more palatable come with
me on this adventure to save my friends
teach me to be talk let's go find your
friends different did you drop double
dots on your face on the way out you
gone bruised up
you almost forgot me guys oh we I'm
literally at Lantern how did you miss me
[Music]
versus I have a bag that I found that I
think belongs to grab a head tag Oh
bless your heart where did you find it
on the subway Oh would you like a cup of
coffee you've been so kind I don't get
many visitors here I've been so lonely
since my daughter left well I could help
you
my mom actually used to say I'm like
chewing gum
here I didn't stick around did you find
them
I guess she's been planning bags around
the city hoping someone brings them back
to her and you did oh my god is her just
let it ring
I saw the bags better I never want to
see you again she's really freaking me
out
this is not a problem public area or
rights are protected
why are you doing this how exciting
hi I'm Francis I'll be your waitress for
the evening no I can't do this
oh you child whom you the child you need
a mother to hold you don't you dare talk
to me about my mother everyone needs a
friend
between more than friends we're
connected
there's something you need to know about
beretta are you insane
just try to get little beretta busy hey
mom do you paste remember when you told
me if I got perfect grades all the way
through middle school I could have
anything I wanted I think it was two
wore off any further talk of a pony well
I know what it is I don't know do we
family trip to Annika ponies are cute
and maybe not as much trouble as we
thought
[Music]
I was taken by her beauty and talent I'm
accompanying the first graders that's a
big deal be gonna come no you wouldn't
like it the words are way too cute you
might dies cuteness yeah well I wanna
die of cuteness it's my favorite thing
to die cuteness something unexpected has
come up there's much more explanation
coming but I have this one shot
just thinking about us got my heart
racing
Bernadette
[Music]
you'll never guess what happened she
disappeared Bernadette what she didn't
just vanish
I'm gonna get my gear
right that burn it up Bernadette
[Music]